hey guys if you've watched this channel
for any length of time you know that I'd
like to make videos that are not
addressed just to the controversy at the
moment but that speak to broader or
deeper issues or speak about issues be
they political or otherwise in a way
that will still be meaningful if i come
back and watch the video five years from
now if somebody happens to discover this
video 10 years from now and they don't
know the the controversy at the moment
that inspired me to sit down in front of
this camera and the video i'm recording
right now is an exception to that rule
and for that reason i'm not going to
leave it up forever it's going to be
posted temporarily and that's going to
be taken down because i am addressing
someone of absolutely zero intellectual
integrity i am addressing someone who
isn't going to matter five years from
now or 10 years from now i'm addressing
the couple known as happy healthy vegan
hhv you know vegans don't eat meat they
don't drink milk they refuse to eat
honey but we bave like a bunch of
cannibals out here huh we're all trying
to eat our own we're all trying to
devour one another everyone's seen it
and all kinds of people come up with
different theories different little
psychological sketches for why it is
that vegans treat one another with such
cruelty why it is that we seem to eat
our own the answer for people like happy
healthy vegan is very clear money happy
healthy vegan here are fake vegan and
your response to my recent video
absolutely shows why that is how it is
and who you really are you completely
misread um sorry it's after midnight
here you'll have to excuse me for both
wearing my pajamas on camera and for
speaking in a slightly disjointed
fashion
you completely misrepresented what my
video is about its thesis its point its
content what I'm saying and why I'm
saying it and did you do that simply out
of incompetents simply out of stupidity
partly perhaps did you do a partly out
of malice partly trying to generate
drama trying to attract yours to you
perhaps but if you were a real vegan
there are so many things in that video
that you would have respond to that I
don't say should have respond to that
you would have responded to and would
have taken interested but instead the
only subject that interested you the
only thing you cared about responded to
was the passing mention of how to women
in the video are not especially
attractive not compared to other young
women who might in Hollywood go to an
audition trying to get the same parts
who might be competing for the same
position in the entertainment world now
any real vegan watching that same video
would have noticed many other things
might have taken an interest in for
example what I said about Gary Yourofsky
I don't know how it will be possible for
a real vegan for someone with a serious
interest in not just vegan politics but
the digital demi-monde of what we call
vegan activism within YouTube I don't
know how you SAT through that midi video
and just failed to take the slightest
interest imaginable in what I had to say
about Gary Yourofsky and the fact that I
cited the other videos you can see in
which I further explain what I think
about Gary Yourofsky why I think that
why it's an important message than
veganism today you passed that by
without the slightest interest of the
slightest comment you only wanted to
talk about a matter of physical beauty
and of course your main point is to
approach me because that 20-minute video
even mentions a matter of physical
beauty but you had no interest in that
how about what I said about Gary
Franchione a prob about what I said it
would any of the other major
intellectuals authors and leaders in
that video could it be that you've never
read a single book by
any of those people or could it be that
you simply have zero intellectual
integrity zero engagement with the
reality of what veganism is as a
movement today and you're only
engagement is with what we would call in
today's parlance being a Fame [ __ ] the
only thing in that video you thought you
could latch on to to generate a phony
controversy and get some views is the
mention of need an Aranda and you don't
even have interest in a figure as
mainstream as vocal and is important
within YouTube as Gary Yourofsky that
wouldn't really take much intellectual
integrity or much in Tel Aviv in use the
word integrity you indulge in a form of
slander it's all too common here on
YouTube thing you um you play the game
saying well I haven't really watched any
of this guy's videos but and then you
characterize me on this channel i have
uploaded over 400 videos okay if you
took even an interest in the one issue
of gary Yourofsky if you watch seventh
of weight this guy is really saying he
has something important to say about
gary yourofsky and I am contrasting that
Denis nanaman I'm contrasting that the
amount of attention that garbage
channels like yours pay to people like
durianrider and ninon randa and vegan
cheetah the actual conclusion of the
video is that you should instead be
focusing your critique on more durable
and important figures like Gary France
Ione etc like the long list of authors
intellectuals and university professors
in my name but if you were taking
interest in any one of those things if
you had and let's be honest here maybe
you might have felt offended by my very
rapid dismissal of the book the save the
planet diet any one of the examples you
might have taken an interest watch the
video i made on earlier might have taken
interest in that book or in that
philosophy or in that political position
you might have considered why it was i
was engaging with these things instead
of abstracting from that argument the
one issue that you thought you
make money on that you thought you could
draw attention to yourself with and that
you thought you could use to defame and
belittle me where is that gonna put you
in the future all right yeah again I'm
not saying you should care about what I
have to say about Gary francais ani I'm
not saying that you should care of what
I have to say about will tuttle will
tuttle save the planet diet I'm not
saying you should have read that book or
that you should have taken five minutes
to hear what I have to say about that
book I'm saying that if you were a real
vegan you would have taken an interest
in any of those issues in at least one
of those issues raised in my video and
instead of coming on camera and lying
that you just don't know much about my
channel you just you haven't really seen
many of my videos so you can't form an
opinion but but here's your opinion
defaming instead you would have had the
intellectual integrity to form an
opinion of what kind of man I am of what
my political vision is on even just one
is it what is my political position on
Bill Tuttle why do I feel that way but
will total what is my position on Gary
Yourofsky why do I disagree with them
why did I make such a strong statement
about Gary Yourofsky it wouldn't take
much intellectual integrity or curiosity
or responsibility for any real vegan to
show this much interest in that to hear
what I have to say but and then by all
means disagree with me by all means you
can make a video defending Gary
Yourofsky against my critique event that
would be welcome you did none of that
you played the game of pretending that
you have no idea what I'm talking about
you have no idea what the video as a
whole is about although you very
intentionally edited to omit exactly
what the video is about
and what and what is your point your
point is to try to depict me as a creep
who has some kind of unhealthy interest
in members of the opposite sex and as
someone who has trouble talking to
members um i have uploaded more than 400
videos some of them are now set to
private for reasons that you may or may
not be able to imagine so i think it'll
be just under 400 that are listed
publicly why don't you take some time to
scroll through to look at the examples
of conversations I've had with females
on this channel I have one long
conversation with an eighteen-year-old
university student about how she can
organize political activism on her
university campus why don't you check
out that video healthy healthy vegan I
think there's more real content of a
vegan politics in that one video then on
your whole channel I have a conversation
over an hour along with a former youtube
or called zaria who quit YouTube because
of people like you and the sad circus
you've made out of this medium the way
you've taken everything good and Noble
and important about veganism and drag it
to the mud for a few dollars so you can
play your famewhoring game in that one
video with zaria there's more real talk
about the philosophy and politics of
veganism than on your whole channel and
some of it is rational as you so kindly
describe me and you know what some of it
happy healthy vegan is emotional in that
video with zaria over an hour long both
she and I break down weeping on camera
talking about veganism talking about
protests talking about seeing animals
getting slaughtered talking about going
to slaughterhouses being on farms real
life experience in that one video i did
with zaria yes a woman yes a female who
enjoyed talking to me for more than an
hour I've talked to her many times since
then we still know each other though she
doesn't have a youtube channel anymore
there is more content in that one video
than on your whole channel the list of
names of females I've talked to you on
skype through podcasts that I've put on
YouTube with channels have featured
unpromoted positively who have engaged
with just recently I did a several hours
long podcast with mod vegan I don't know
why d'you promoter on your channel seems
you have so much great substance with
women with original thinkers
conversation I have with my vegan is
actually intellectual actually deals
with politics real content really about
veganism really me and a woman I respect
sitting down and talking about how we
can change the world how we can address
problems within veganism how we can
promote veganism is it cause etc and
believe me offline that conversation
hasn't ended because unlike you we're
not Fame [ __ ] we're actually trying to
get organized to have real foundations
real charities engage in real activist
work to make a real difference in our
little country that we have passports
from called Canada okay you can check
that out you know what you have to
subscribe to pay trying to hear the
whole thing but there are several videos
with substantive excerpts from my long
conversation with mod vegan okay the
list goes on and on for you to claim
that I only treat women as sex objects
on my channel compared to what homeboy
because when you watch that video that
20 minute video that probably addresses
20 different people Gary francais owner
Gary Yourofsky will tuttle etc etc the
only part you extracted was the part
that you could use to objectify and make
money out of talking about a woman's
body and whether she's hot or not and
you intentionally misrepresented the
whole video you ignored the content you
ignored even why it was mentioned why I
was talking about it because what you do
to make money is objectifying women's
bodies what you do shows no respect for
and no interest in women's intelligence
and what I do in video after video war
we talking to women demonstrates a real
interest in their intelligence a real
interest in the positive difference they
can make the vegan movement you know
what you guys have a lot of stuff with
diet and weight loss you've been through
the whole freely and duran writer or
ringer you know what even if you watch
the video i did interviewing a young
woman of syrup features about 21 22 at
the time about her experience with being
a true believer with freely and during
rider and then losing their faith and
getting of it even that video that one's
not really political because i have
diversity here that was talking with her
experience with a diet and how she
decided to leave her life behind in
europe and move to Thailand to be close
to freely to her that video it's not my
greatest video some you know what it has
more real content than everything on
your channel combined because you happy
healthy vegan you are nothing but a Fame
or your person with zero intellectual
integrity with zero meaningful
engagement to this movement and in the
next 5-10 years it doesn't matter let's
say you have your dream let's say you
one day ascend to the lofty heights of
being as popular as your great rival
unnatural vegan unnatural vegan who as I
recall you couldn't even win a debate
with her about Splenda about artificial
sweetener in your coffee that was the
fight you picked okay well I out here on
my channel I'm talking about vivisection
of animals being used for cancer
research about the politics of pet
ownership domestication of animals about
vegans who make excuses for whether or
not it's okay to kill a cow feed its
your pet cat I've been dealing with real
issues within veganism and yes in my way
despite the terrible disadvantages I
have in life despite the hand that life
is dealt with it has dealt me in many
ways I have been trying to engage in
real and meaningful activism both in
terms of organizing the future and what
I can do here and now if you just looked
at the list of recent uploads to this
channel
you would see that I wrote a story book
in Chinese I translated it from Chinese
into English other people volunteer to
translate it from English into Russian
and German and I'm going to raise money
and I'm talking to illustrators and I'm
publishing a children's story book that
introduces the concept of veganism to
children all right no slaughterhouse
footage it's a slightly poetic
philosophical children's story it's got
a lot of people excite their maybe a
small contribution but that's something
positive I can do what can you do you
sack what have you ever done you
don't think you're a leech on this
movement but you are it's people like
you who are just trying to make a buck
trying to make short-term theme for
themselves micro Fame trying to get a
name out of a movement that you have
nothing positive to contribute to and
that storybook even if it's the only
thing I ever have done or the only thing
I ever will do that's positive for this
movement that is an example of something
positive and you could have before
slandering me on your channel taking the
time to take a glance at that and
consider your evaluation of who I am and
my character in that context instead of
the context you created a thin
air because you thought it would get you
more hits I have never done that to you
and I've never done that to any other
YouTube room I've never said anything
that to faint Nina and Randa nor Jeff
and on some level you know that